I have seen His Highness the Seven Kings
King Qiqi
I have seen the prince
Your Highness, you are here at the right time
This woman is bold
How dare you impersonate the Queen?
Hmm bold
How dare you not kneel when you see the Queen
Chen Benyu returned to the fief and passed by Bailing Town to see him
I didn't expect to understand here
Damn it
See the Queen
Ah!
Send more writers to search for the bodies of the people outside the city and bury them well
Yes
The scenery brings out what I have prepared
If you are not sick, put on this cloth towel first.
There are medicine packs I sewed in in the cloth towel, which can stop the spread of the virus.
The royal family actually sent the queen to this book to tell everyone
Zhongzhao Kingdom will definitely try its best to save everyone
Everyone should listen to the orders of the Queen
Don't procrastinate any longer
Baoer Baoer what's wrong with you
Don't scare your mother, Baoer, wake up, Baoer
Hmm the view
This
Baoer is awake, I Baoer is awake
Wake up, Baoer, wake up
Thank you, madam
You can trust me now. Do as I say
I will save you